[feature] #306: Validate links post-build (#405)
hyperledger/iroha-2-docs: src/guide/configure/peer-configuration.md

fine-tuning. When you create a new peer, you are required to provide the
following:

> - [Public and private keys for the peer](#public-and-private-keys) (`PUBLIC_KEY` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [The peer's Public and private keys](#public-and-private-keys) (`PUBLIC_KEY` and
```
